To create a MongoDB database and import data into it from JSON files located in the `./server/backup` directory, you can follow these steps:

### Prerequisites:
1. MongoDB installed and running on your local machine.
2. Node.js installed on your system.
3. Access to the terminal or command prompt.

### Steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   Clone the repository from the provided GitHub link:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/omarashzeinhom/ebay_clone_mern_stack.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Server Directory:**
   Change directory to the server folder:
   ```bash
   cd ebay_clone_mern_stack/server
   ```

3. **Get Product Dummy Data:**
   ```
   --server
   --- backup
   ----- productData.json
   ----- categoryData.json

   ```

4. **Start MongoDB:**
   Ensure that MongoDB is running on your system. If not, start it using the appropriate command for your operating system.

5. **Create a Database:**
   You can create a new database using the MongoDB shell or a MongoDB GUI tool like MongoDB Compass. For example:
   ```bash
   mongo
   > use your_database_name
   ```

6. **Import Data:**
   Use the `mongoimport` command to import data from the JSON files into your MongoDB database. Assuming your MongoDB instance is running locally and your JSON files are in the `./server/backup` directory, execute the following commands:
   ```bash
   mongoimport --db your_database_name --collection categories --file ./backup/categoryData.json --jsonArray
   mongoimport --db your_database_name --collection products --file ./backup/productData.json --jsonArray
   ```

    Or 
    Import them directly in the MongoDB Website.
    
   Replace `your_database_name` with the name of your database.

7. **Verify Data:**
   You can verify that the data has been imported successfully by querying your database using the MongoDB shell or a GUI tool.

### Additional Notes:
- Ensure that the structure of your JSON files matches the structure expected by MongoDB collections.
- Make sure MongoDB is running and accessible from your terminal.
- Adjust the import paths and database names as per your project setup.

By following these steps, you should be able to create a MongoDB database and import data into it from the provided JSON files.